Abigail Welling 

107 York Road, Roman Bridge, Trent, M4 6LU

07902 123 456

test101@accrosoft.com


	Whilst studying software testing I have found lots of ways to find bugs, in QA I am always managing to find a way to break software.

Profile

I am self-motivated, hardworking and enthusiastic worker. I am very adaptable reliable and can except responsibility. I have good leadership qualities and also a competent member of any team. I can build good working relationships and possess the ability to work independently. I can organize my workload effectively.

I am an experienced childcare practitioner and feel this has given me a broad range of skills that equip me with the necessary expertise.



Experience

WorkHard Training,                                               April 2013 – Present Day

Tutor/Assessor

Carry out induction and initial  assessment ensuring learners are aware of their own responsibility in the assessment practice, Achieving agreed targets for learner progression, Identify opportunities for learners to demonstrate competence and collect evidence, making objective assessment decisions and giving constructive feedback to learners, Discuss and set individual assessment plans with learners, Tracking and recording learner progress on a monthly basis, Attending Assessor meetings/contributing to standardization meetings and updated on current practices by attending training.



Smith & Co. Nursery,

Leigh

	Nursery Nurse	May 2007 – April 2013 	

To observe children's progress and developments and recording observations. Assist in planning a programme of activities that are attractive, educational and stimulating and that follow the EYFS. Assist with personal care and general hygiene of children.

Maintain highest levels of health and safety and produce accurate and neat records.



	Fairmeadows Health Centre

Nots

	Community Nursery Nurse	January 2006 - May 2007	

To carry out duties delegated by the health visitor for clients in their own home or in clinics. To undertake play therapy in homes and organize appropriate intervention for children with special needs.



Grand hospital

	Grade B Nursery Nurse 	June 2004 - December 2005	

 The provision of family centered care, participating in the play, education and physical care of children. Communicating with parents regarding the welfare of their children, liaising with consultants and report writing of confidential material.

	Smith & Co. Day Nursery

Hey Hey

	Third in Charge Nursery Nurse	June 2000 - June 2004	

Daily running of the nursery. Caring for approximately forty children aged 3 months - 5 years. Supervising play and meal times, Liaising with parents and staff on all levels, recording children's progress, giving medication with parental consent, training new staff and keeping all paperwork up to date.



	Marie’s Hair and Beauty Team

Crown

	Beauty Therapist 	March 1999 - June 2000	

Performing a range of beauty treatments. Liaising with customers to accommodate their needs. Stock taking, taking payments, bookings and following Health and Safety Regulations.

	Education

WorkHard Training                                                                              2012- 2013                                                             

Yup

Level 3 Certificate in Assessing Vocational Achievement



                                                         

OhOh College                                                                          2011- 2011

Leicester

Preparing to Teach in the Lifelong Learning Sector





	Massage Association   	                             2008 - 2008

	Yup 

	Baby Massage

	Grade: Certified Infant Massage Instructor.

	

	OhOh College   	                             2002 - 2002

	Yup

	Early Years Care and Education

	Grade: NVQ Level two and three

	

	OhOh College   	                             1991 - 1994

	Yup

	Beauty Therapy

	Grade: NVQ Level two and three

	

	OhOh Girl’s School   	                             1986 - 1991

	Yup

	English, Math’s, Child Development, Geography, Science, Art, Textiles, Music.

	Grade: GCSE Grade D – E



Interests

I read magazines, to try to keep up to date with the latest beauty fashions as i still have a hobby interest in beauty based on my qualification in Beauty Therapy.

I do try to improve my own personal development when i can and have passed a course Preparing to Teach in the Lifelong Sector ( PTLLS ) course.